It was a cold cold night on the north side of Boston when it happend. Jaime looked up with some sort of awe while he held the object in his hands. 
"What .. What do you think it is Patty?" he said while getting off of his right knee. 
"I ... I don't think I've ever seen one of those in person before!" Patty said with excitement in her voice.



Their excitement was cut short by the chopping sound of helicopter blades. With no time to fawn over their new acquisition, they had to run! They couldn't let the Evil Organization(TM) take hold of their Valuable Artifact(TM)! In their haste they tread asphalt like jetskis over a rivers of oil, and turned the buildings they passed into blurs. Fortunately, helicopters can't fly low over city streets, and Patty was able to settle Jamie and herself down at a nearby pizza parlour. 


They thought they were safe, but the Evil organization was on their butts and they couldnt stay long. Their artifacts consisted of the gold crown of Queen Elizabeth the first, and many other ancient artifacts that are worth billions of dollars. One day Jamie and Patty hope to create a museum full of the most beautiful pieces of history, but they couldn't focus on that now. The Evil Organization was closing in, and they had to figure out what to do.


However, when they smell the pizza, they could not focus on what they had to do.They were so hungry, so they wanted to order a large piazz. And that place was actually very nice pizza place that they don't want to miss. Therefore they asked the person at counter, "What is the best pizza in this store?"

The man at the counter looked at them with a strange look. "I thought you guys were being chased?". Snapping out of their trance, Jaime and Patty shook their heads and told him they wanted one pizza to go. Luckily the place had just made a pizza so the two grabbed it and left a few gold coins on the counter to pay for it. Jaime and Patty ran out of the place with pizza and hand and jumped into their car and drove off, leaving the Evil Corporation behind at the pizza place. Jaime and Patty ended up driving for 18 hours straight to make sure that they weren't being followed. When they stopped, Jaime and Patty cried tears of joy since they were finally able to live their lives together with their treasures. They were ready to now open their own museum and start over again. 
